cap-shape;numeric;some descriptions
cap-surface;numeric;some descriptions
cap-color;numeric;some descriptions
bruises?;numeric;some descriptions
odor;numeric;some descriptions
gill-attachment;numeric;some descriptions
gill-spacing;numeric;some descriptions
gill-size;numeric;some descriptions
gill-color;numeric;some descriptions
stalk-shape;numeric;some descriptions
stalk-root;numeric;some descriptions
stalk-surface-above-ring;numeric;some descriptions
stalk-surface-below-ring;numeric;some descriptions
;numeric;some descriptions
stalk-color-above-ring;numeric;some descriptions
veil-type;numeric;some descriptions
veil-color;numeric;some descriptions
ring-number;numeric;some descriptions
ring-type;numeric;some descriptions
spore-print-color;numeric;some descriptions
population;numeric;some descriptions
habitat;numeric;some descriptions
