0;numeric;some descriptions
000;numeric;some descriptions
02;numeric;some descriptions
05;numeric;some descriptions
06;numeric;some descriptions
1;numeric;some descriptions
10;numeric;some descriptions
100;numeric;some descriptions
11;numeric;some descriptions
12;numeric;some descriptions
13;numeric;some descriptions
14;numeric;some descriptions
15;numeric;some descriptions
16;numeric;some descriptions
17;numeric;some descriptions
18;numeric;some descriptions
1997;numeric;some descriptions
1998;numeric;some descriptions
1999;numeric;some descriptions
2;numeric;some descriptions
20;numeric;some descriptions
2000;numeric;some descriptions
2001;numeric;some descriptions
2002;numeric;some descriptions
2003;numeric;some descriptions
2004;numeric;some descriptions
2005;numeric;some descriptions
2006;numeric;some descriptions
2007;numeric;some descriptions
24;numeric;some descriptions
25;numeric;some descriptions
3;numeric;some descriptions
30;numeric;some descriptions
4;numeric;some descriptions
40;numeric;some descriptions
5;numeric;some descriptions
50;numeric;some descriptions
6;numeric;some descriptions
60;numeric;some descriptions
7;numeric;some descriptions
8;numeric;some descriptions
9;numeric;some descriptions
95;numeric;some descriptions
98;numeric;some descriptions
a;numeric;some descriptions
ab;numeric;some descriptions
ability;numeric;some descriptions
able;numeric;some descriptions
about;numeric;some descriptions
above;numeric;some descriptions
absence;numeric;some descriptions
abstract;numeric;some descriptions
academic;numeric;some descriptions
access;numeric;some descriptions
accessible;numeric;some descriptions
according;numeric;some descriptions
account;numeric;some descriptions
accuracy;numeric;some descriptions
accurate;numeric;some descriptions
achieve;numeric;some descriptions
achieved;numeric;some descriptions
acid;numeric;some descriptions
acids;numeric;some descriptions
acm;numeric;some descriptions
acquisition;numeric;some descriptions
across;numeric;some descriptions
act;numeric;some descriptions
action;numeric;some descriptions
activation;numeric;some descriptions
active;numeric;some descriptions
activities;numeric;some descriptions
activity;numeric;some descriptions
actual;numeric;some descriptions
adaptation;numeric;some descriptions
adapted;numeric;some descriptions
adaptive;numeric;some descriptions
added;numeric;some descriptions
addition;numeric;some descriptions
additional;numeric;some descriptions
address;numeric;some descriptions
addressed;numeric;some descriptions
addresses;numeric;some descriptions
advanced;numeric;some descriptions
advances;numeric;some descriptions
advantage;numeric;some descriptions
advantages;numeric;some descriptions
affect;numeric;some descriptions
affected;numeric;some descriptions
affinity;numeric;some descriptions
after;numeric;some descriptions
against;numeric;some descriptions
age;numeric;some descriptions
agent;numeric;some descriptions
agents;numeric;some descriptions
agreement;numeric;some descriptions
aim;numeric;some descriptions
aims;numeric;some descriptions
al;numeric;some descriptions
algorithm;numeric;some descriptions
algorithms;numeric;some descriptions
all;numeric;some descriptions
allow;numeric;some descriptions
allowed;numeric;some descriptions
allowing;numeric;some descriptions
allows;numeric;some descriptions
almost;numeric;some descriptions
along;numeric;some descriptions
alpha;numeric;some descriptions
already;numeric;some descriptions
als;numeric;some descriptions
also;numeric;some descriptions
alternative;numeric;some descriptions
although;numeric;some descriptions
always;numeric;some descriptions
am;numeric;some descriptions
american;numeric;some descriptions
amino;numeric;some descriptions
among;numeric;some descriptions
amount;numeric;some descriptions
amounts;numeric;some descriptions
amperometric;numeric;some descriptions
an;numeric;some descriptions
analyse;numeric;some descriptions
analyses;numeric;some descriptions
analysis;numeric;some descriptions
analytical;numeric;some descriptions
analyze;numeric;some descriptions
analyzed;numeric;some descriptions
analyzing;numeric;some descriptions
and;numeric;some descriptions
annotation;numeric;some descriptions
annual;numeric;some descriptions
another;numeric;some descriptions
answer;numeric;some descriptions
anti;numeric;some descriptions
antibodies;numeric;some descriptions
antibody;numeric;some descriptions
antigen;numeric;some descriptions
any;numeric;some descriptions
apo;numeric;some descriptions
apob;numeric;some descriptions
apolipoprotein;numeric;some descriptions
apparent;numeric;some descriptions
appear;numeric;some descriptions
appears;numeric;some descriptions
applicable;numeric;some descriptions
application;numeric;some descriptions
applications;numeric;some descriptions
applied;numeric;some descriptions
apply;numeric;some descriptions
applying;numeric;some descriptions
approach;numeric;some descriptions
approaches;numeric;some descriptions
appropriate;numeric;some descriptions
approximate;numeric;some descriptions
approximately;numeric;some descriptions
approximation;numeric;some descriptions
aqueous;numeric;some descriptions
arbitrary;numeric;some descriptions
architecture;numeric;some descriptions
architectures;numeric;some descriptions
are;numeric;some descriptions
area;numeric;some descriptions
areas;numeric;some descriptions
argue;numeric;some descriptions
argued;numeric;some descriptions
arguments;numeric;some descriptions
arise;numeric;some descriptions
around;numeric;some descriptions
art;numeric;some descriptions
article;numeric;some descriptions
articles;numeric;some descriptions
artificial;numeric;some descriptions
as;numeric;some descriptions
aspect;numeric;some descriptions
aspects;numeric;some descriptions
assay;numeric;some descriptions
assays;numeric;some descriptions
assess;numeric;some descriptions
assessed;numeric;some descriptions
assessment;numeric;some descriptions
associated;numeric;some descriptions
association;numeric;some descriptions
assumption;numeric;some descriptions
assumptions;numeric;some descriptions
at;numeric;some descriptions
atomic;numeric;some descriptions
atoms;numeric;some descriptions
attempt;numeric;some descriptions
attention;numeric;some descriptions
attractive;numeric;some descriptions
auch;numeric;some descriptions
auf;numeric;some descriptions
author;numeric;some descriptions
authors;numeric;some descriptions
automated;numeric;some descriptions
automatic;numeric;some descriptions
automatically;numeric;some descriptions
automation;numeric;some descriptions
availability;numeric;some descriptions
available;numeric;some descriptions
average;numeric;some descriptions
aware;numeric;some descriptions
b;numeric;some descriptions
back;numeric;some descriptions
background;numeric;some descriptions
barrier;numeric;some descriptions
base;numeric;some descriptions
based;numeric;some descriptions
bases;numeric;some descriptions
basic;numeric;some descriptions
basis;numeric;some descriptions
be;numeric;some descriptions
because;numeric;some descriptions
become;numeric;some descriptions
becomes;numeric;some descriptions
been;numeric;some descriptions
before;numeric;some descriptions
begin;numeric;some descriptions
behavior;numeric;some descriptions
behavioral;numeric;some descriptions
behaviors;numeric;some descriptions
behaviour;numeric;some descriptions
being;numeric;some descriptions
believe;numeric;some descriptions
below;numeric;some descriptions
benefit;numeric;some descriptions
benefits;numeric;some descriptions
ber;numeric;some descriptions
best;numeric;some descriptions
beta;numeric;some descriptions
betta;numeric;some descriptions
better;numeric;some descriptions
between;numeric;some descriptions
beyond;numeric;some descriptions
binding;numeric;some descriptions
bioinformatics;numeric;some descriptions
biol;numeric;some descriptions
biological;numeric;some descriptions
biology;numeric;some descriptions
body;numeric;some descriptions
boltzmann;numeric;some descriptions
bond;numeric;some descriptions
book;numeric;some descriptions
both;numeric;some descriptions
bound;numeric;some descriptions
boundary;numeric;some descriptions
brain;numeric;some descriptions
brief;numeric;some descriptions
briefly;numeric;some descriptions
broad;numeric;some descriptions
build;numeric;some descriptions
building;numeric;some descriptions
built;numeric;some descriptions
bulk;numeric;some descriptions
business;numeric;some descriptions
but;numeric;some descriptions
by;numeric;some descriptions
c;numeric;some descriptions
calculate;numeric;some descriptions
calculated;numeric;some descriptions
calculation;numeric;some descriptions
calculations;numeric;some descriptions
call;numeric;some descriptions
called;numeric;some descriptions
can;numeric;some descriptions
cannot;numeric;some descriptions
capabilities;numeric;some descriptions
capable;numeric;some descriptions
capacity;numeric;some descriptions
capture;numeric;some descriptions
carbon;numeric;some descriptions
care;numeric;some descriptions
carlo;numeric;some descriptions
carried;numeric;some descriptions
case;numeric;some descriptions
cases;numeric;some descriptions
catalytic;numeric;some descriptions
categories;numeric;some descriptions
cause;numeric;some descriptions
caused;numeric;some descriptions
cell;numeric;some descriptions
cells;numeric;some descriptions
center;numeric;some descriptions
central;numeric;some descriptions
century;numeric;some descriptions
certain;numeric;some descriptions
chain;numeric;some descriptions
chains;numeric;some descriptions
challenge;numeric;some descriptions
challenges;numeric;some descriptions
change;numeric;some descriptions
changes;numeric;some descriptions
changing;numeric;some descriptions
character;numeric;some descriptions
characteristic;numeric;some descriptions
characteristics;numeric;some descriptions
characterization;numeric;some descriptions
characterize;numeric;some descriptions
characterized;numeric;some descriptions
charge;numeric;some descriptions
charged;numeric;some descriptions
chem;numeric;some descriptions
chemical;numeric;some descriptions
chemistry;numeric;some descriptions
child;numeric;some descriptions
children;numeric;some descriptions
choice;numeric;some descriptions
cholesterol;numeric;some descriptions
chosen;numeric;some descriptions
class;numeric;some descriptions
classes;numeric;some descriptions
classical;numeric;some descriptions
classification;numeric;some descriptions
clear;numeric;some descriptions
clearly;numeric;some descriptions
clin;numeric;some descriptions
clinical;numeric;some descriptions
close;numeric;some descriptions
cluster;numeric;some descriptions
clustering;numeric;some descriptions
clusters;numeric;some descriptions
co;numeric;some descriptions
code;numeric;some descriptions
coefficient;numeric;some descriptions
coefficients;numeric;some descriptions
cognitive;numeric;some descriptions
collaboration;numeric;some descriptions
collaborative;numeric;some descriptions
collected;numeric;some descriptions
collection;numeric;some descriptions
combination;numeric;some descriptions
combined;numeric;some descriptions
combines;numeric;some descriptions
combining;numeric;some descriptions
commercial;numeric;some descriptions
common;numeric;some descriptions
commonly;numeric;some descriptions
communication;numeric;some descriptions
communications;numeric;some descriptions
communities;numeric;some descriptions
community;numeric;some descriptions
comparable;numeric;some descriptions
comparative;numeric;some descriptions
compare;numeric;some descriptions
compared;numeric;some descriptions
comparing;numeric;some descriptions
comparison;numeric;some descriptions
competition;numeric;some descriptions
competitive;numeric;some descriptions
complete;numeric;some descriptions
completely;numeric;some descriptions
complex;numeric;some descriptions
complexes;numeric;some descriptions
complexity;numeric;some descriptions
component;numeric;some descriptions
components;numeric;some descriptions
composed;numeric;some descriptions
composition;numeric;some descriptions
compounds;numeric;some descriptions
comprehensive;numeric;some descriptions
computation;numeric;some descriptions
computational;numeric;some descriptions
computed;numeric;some descriptions
computer;numeric;some descriptions
computers;numeric;some descriptions
computing;numeric;some descriptions
concentration;numeric;some descriptions
concentrations;numeric;some descriptions
concept;numeric;some descriptions
concepts;numeric;some descriptions
conceptual;numeric;some descriptions
concerning;numeric;some descriptions
concerns;numeric;some descriptions
conclude;numeric;some descriptions
conclusion;numeric;some descriptions
conclusions;numeric;some descriptions
condition;numeric;some descriptions
conditions;numeric;some descriptions
conducted;numeric;some descriptions
conf;numeric;some descriptions
conference;numeric;some descriptions
configuration;numeric;some descriptions
confirmed;numeric;some descriptions
connected;numeric;some descriptions
connection;numeric;some descriptions
connections;numeric;some descriptions
consequence;numeric;some descriptions
consequences;numeric;some descriptions
consider;numeric;some descriptions
considerable;numeric;some descriptions
considered;numeric;some descriptions
considering;numeric;some descriptions
consistent;numeric;some descriptions
consisting;numeric;some descriptions
consists;numeric;some descriptions
constant;numeric;some descriptions
constants;numeric;some descriptions
constraints;numeric;some descriptions
construct;numeric;some descriptions
constructed;numeric;some descriptions
construction;numeric;some descriptions
consumption;numeric;some descriptions
contact;numeric;some descriptions
contain;numeric;some descriptions
contained;numeric;some descriptions
containing;numeric;some descriptions
contains;numeric;some descriptions
content;numeric;some descriptions
context;numeric;some descriptions
contexts;numeric;some descriptions
continuous;numeric;some descriptions
contrast;numeric;some descriptions
contribute;numeric;some descriptions
contribution;numeric;some descriptions
contributions;numeric;some descriptions
control;numeric;some descriptions
controlled;numeric;some descriptions
conventional;numeric;some descriptions
cooperative;numeric;some descriptions
core;numeric;some descriptions
correct;numeric;some descriptions
correlated;numeric;some descriptions
correlation;numeric;some descriptions
correlations;numeric;some descriptions
corresponding;numeric;some descriptions
cortex;numeric;some descriptions
cost;numeric;some descriptions
could;numeric;some descriptions
coupled;numeric;some descriptions
coupling;numeric;some descriptions
course;numeric;some descriptions
create;numeric;some descriptions
created;numeric;some descriptions
creating;numeric;some descriptions
creation;numeric;some descriptions
criteria;numeric;some descriptions
critical;numeric;some descriptions
cross;numeric;some descriptions
crucial;numeric;some descriptions
crystal;numeric;some descriptions
cultural;numeric;some descriptions
culture;numeric;some descriptions
current;numeric;some descriptions
currently;numeric;some descriptions
curves;numeric;some descriptions
cycle;numeric;some descriptions
d;numeric;some descriptions
daily;numeric;some descriptions
das;numeric;some descriptions
data;numeric;some descriptions
database;numeric;some descriptions
databases;numeric;some descriptions
date;numeric;some descriptions
day;numeric;some descriptions
de;numeric;some descriptions
deal;numeric;some descriptions
decision;numeric;some descriptions
decisions;numeric;some descriptions
decrease;numeric;some descriptions
decreased;numeric;some descriptions
define;numeric;some descriptions
defined;numeric;some descriptions
defining;numeric;some descriptions
definition;numeric;some descriptions
degree;numeric;some descriptions
degrees;numeric;some descriptions
dem;numeric;some descriptions
demonstrate;numeric;some descriptions
demonstrated;numeric;some descriptions
demonstrates;numeric;some descriptions
den;numeric;some descriptions
density;numeric;some descriptions
depend;numeric;some descriptions
dependence;numeric;some descriptions
dependent;numeric;some descriptions
depending;numeric;some descriptions
depends;numeric;some descriptions
der;numeric;some descriptions
derive;numeric;some descriptions
derived;numeric;some descriptions
des;numeric;some descriptions
describe;numeric;some descriptions
described;numeric;some descriptions
describes;numeric;some descriptions
describing;numeric;some descriptions
description;numeric;some descriptions
descriptions;numeric;some descriptions
design;numeric;some descriptions
designed;numeric;some descriptions
designing;numeric;some descriptions
despite;numeric;some descriptions
detail;numeric;some descriptions
detailed;numeric;some descriptions
details;numeric;some descriptions
detect;numeric;some descriptions
detected;numeric;some descriptions
detection;numeric;some descriptions
determination;numeric;some descriptions
determine;numeric;some descriptions
determined;numeric;some descriptions
determining;numeric;some descriptions
develop;numeric;some descriptions
developed;numeric;some descriptions
developers;numeric;some descriptions
developing;numeric;some descriptions
development;numeric;some descriptions
developmental;numeric;some descriptions
developments;numeric;some descriptions
device;numeric;some descriptions
devices;numeric;some descriptions
dft;numeric;some descriptions
diagram;numeric;some descriptions
did;numeric;some descriptions
die;numeric;some descriptions
differ;numeric;some descriptions
difference;numeric;some descriptions
differences;numeric;some descriptions
different;numeric;some descriptions
differential;numeric;some descriptions
difficult;numeric;some descriptions
diffusion;numeric;some descriptions
digital;numeric;some descriptions
dimension;numeric;some descriptions
dimensional;numeric;some descriptions
dimensions;numeric;some descriptions
direct;numeric;some descriptions
directed;numeric;some descriptions
direction;numeric;some descriptions
directions;numeric;some descriptions
directly;numeric;some descriptions
discovery;numeric;some descriptions
discrete;numeric;some descriptions
discuss;numeric;some descriptions
discussed;numeric;some descriptions
discusses;numeric;some descriptions
discussion;numeric;some descriptions
disease;numeric;some descriptions
disorder;numeric;some descriptions
display;numeric;some descriptions
distance;numeric;some descriptions
distinct;numeric;some descriptions
distributed;numeric;some descriptions
distribution;numeric;some descriptions
distributions;numeric;some descriptions
diverse;numeric;some descriptions
dna;numeric;some descriptions
do;numeric;some descriptions
document;numeric;some descriptions
documents;numeric;some descriptions
does;numeric;some descriptions
domain;numeric;some descriptions
domains;numeric;some descriptions
done;numeric;some descriptions
double;numeric;some descriptions
down;numeric;some descriptions
driven;numeric;some descriptions
due;numeric;some descriptions
during;numeric;some descriptions
dynamic;numeric;some descriptions
dynamical;numeric;some descriptions
dynamics;numeric;some descriptions
e;numeric;some descriptions
each;numeric;some descriptions
earlier;numeric;some descriptions
early;numeric;some descriptions
easily;numeric;some descriptions
easy;numeric;some descriptions
economic;numeric;some descriptions
education;numeric;some descriptions
educational;numeric;some descriptions
effect;numeric;some descriptions
effective;numeric;some descriptions
effectively;numeric;some descriptions
effectiveness;numeric;some descriptions
effects;numeric;some descriptions
efficiency;numeric;some descriptions
efficient;numeric;some descriptions
efficiently;numeric;some descriptions
effort;numeric;some descriptions
efforts;numeric;some descriptions
ein;numeric;some descriptions
eine;numeric;some descriptions
einer;numeric;some descriptions
either;numeric;some descriptions
electrochemical;numeric;some descriptions
electrode;numeric;some descriptions
electron;numeric;some descriptions
electronic;numeric;some descriptions
electrostatic;numeric;some descriptions
elements;numeric;some descriptions
embedded;numeric;some descriptions
emergence;numeric;some descriptions
emerging;numeric;some descriptions
emphasis;numeric;some descriptions
empirical;numeric;some descriptions
employed;numeric;some descriptions
en;numeric;some descriptions
enable;numeric;some descriptions
enables;numeric;some descriptions
enabling;numeric;some descriptions
end;numeric;some descriptions
energies;numeric;some descriptions
energy;numeric;some descriptions
engine;numeric;some descriptions
engineering;numeric;some descriptions
enhance;numeric;some descriptions
enhanced;numeric;some descriptions
enough;numeric;some descriptions
entire;numeric;some descriptions
entities;numeric;some descriptions
entropy;numeric;some descriptions
environment;numeric;some descriptions
environments;numeric;some descriptions
enzyme;numeric;some descriptions
enzymes;numeric;some descriptions
equal;numeric;some descriptions
equation;numeric;some descriptions
equations;numeric;some descriptions
equilibrium;numeric;some descriptions
equivalent;numeric;some descriptions
er;numeric;some descriptions
error;numeric;some descriptions
errors;numeric;some descriptions
es;numeric;some descriptions
especially;numeric;some descriptions
essential;numeric;some descriptions
establish;numeric;some descriptions
established;numeric;some descriptions
estimate;numeric;some descriptions
estimated;numeric;some descriptions
estimates;numeric;some descriptions
estimation;numeric;some descriptions
et;numeric;some descriptions
etc;numeric;some descriptions
european;numeric;some descriptions
evaluate;numeric;some descriptions
evaluated;numeric;some descriptions
evaluating;numeric;some descriptions
evaluation;numeric;some descriptions
even;numeric;some descriptions
event;numeric;some descriptions
events;numeric;some descriptions
every;numeric;some descriptions
evidence;numeric;some descriptions
evolution;numeric;some descriptions
evolutionary;numeric;some descriptions
evolving;numeric;some descriptions
exact;numeric;some descriptions
examine;numeric;some descriptions
examined;numeric;some descriptions
examines;numeric;some descriptions
example;numeric;some descriptions
examples;numeric;some descriptions
excellent;numeric;some descriptions
exchange;numeric;some descriptions
execution;numeric;some descriptions
exhibit;numeric;some descriptions
exhibits;numeric;some descriptions
exist;numeric;some descriptions
existence;numeric;some descriptions
existing;numeric;some descriptions
exists;numeric;some descriptions
expansion;numeric;some descriptions
expected;numeric;some descriptions
experience;numeric;some descriptions
experiences;numeric;some descriptions
experiment;numeric;some descriptions
experimental;numeric;some descriptions
experimentally;numeric;some descriptions
experiments;numeric;some descriptions
explain;numeric;some descriptions
explained;numeric;some descriptions
explanation;numeric;some descriptions
explicit;numeric;some descriptions
explicitly;numeric;some descriptions
exploration;numeric;some descriptions
explore;numeric;some descriptions
explored;numeric;some descriptions
explores;numeric;some descriptions
exploring;numeric;some descriptions
exponent;numeric;some descriptions
exponents;numeric;some descriptions
expressed;numeric;some descriptions
expression;numeric;some descriptions
extend;numeric;some descriptions
extended;numeric;some descriptions
extension;numeric;some descriptions
extensive;numeric;some descriptions
extent;numeric;some descriptions
external;numeric;some descriptions
extraction;numeric;some descriptions
f;numeric;some descriptions
face;numeric;some descriptions
facilitate;numeric;some descriptions
fact;numeric;some descriptions
factor;numeric;some descriptions
factors;numeric;some descriptions
family;numeric;some descriptions
far;numeric;some descriptions
fast;numeric;some descriptions
faster;numeric;some descriptions
feature;numeric;some descriptions
features;numeric;some descriptions
feedback;numeric;some descriptions
few;numeric;some descriptions
field;numeric;some descriptions
fields;numeric;some descriptions
fighting;numeric;some descriptions
final;numeric;some descriptions
finally;numeric;some descriptions
financial;numeric;some descriptions
find;numeric;some descriptions
finding;numeric;some descriptions
findings;numeric;some descriptions
finite;numeric;some descriptions
first;numeric;some descriptions
fish;numeric;some descriptions
fit;numeric;some descriptions
five;numeric;some descriptions
fixed;numeric;some descriptions
flexibility;numeric;some descriptions
flexible;numeric;some descriptions
flow;numeric;some descriptions
fluctuations;numeric;some descriptions
fluid;numeric;some descriptions
fock;numeric;some descriptions
focus;numeric;some descriptions
focused;numeric;some descriptions
focuses;numeric;some descriptions
focusing;numeric;some descriptions
follow;numeric;some descriptions
followed;numeric;some descriptions
following;numeric;some descriptions
follows;numeric;some descriptions
for;numeric;some descriptions
force;numeric;some descriptions
forces;numeric;some descriptions
form;numeric;some descriptions
formal;numeric;some descriptions
format;numeric;some descriptions
formation;numeric;some descriptions
formed;numeric;some descriptions
forms;numeric;some descriptions
found;numeric;some descriptions
foundation;numeric;some descriptions
four;numeric;some descriptions
fraction;numeric;some descriptions
fragments;numeric;some descriptions
framework;numeric;some descriptions
free;numeric;some descriptions
frequencies;numeric;some descriptions
frequency;numeric;some descriptions
frequently;numeric;some descriptions
from;numeric;some descriptions
full;numeric;some descriptions
fully;numeric;some descriptions
function;numeric;some descriptions
functional;numeric;some descriptions
functionality;numeric;some descriptions
functions;numeric;some descriptions
fundamental;numeric;some descriptions
further;numeric;some descriptions
furthermore;numeric;some descriptions
future;numeric;some descriptions
g;numeric;some descriptions
game;numeric;some descriptions
games;numeric;some descriptions
gap;numeric;some descriptions
gas;numeric;some descriptions
gaussian;numeric;some descriptions
gene;numeric;some descriptions
general;numeric;some descriptions
generalized;numeric;some descriptions
generally;numeric;some descriptions
generate;numeric;some descriptions
generated;numeric;some descriptions
generating;numeric;some descriptions
generation;numeric;some descriptions
generic;numeric;some descriptions
genes;numeric;some descriptions
genetic;numeric;some descriptions
genome;numeric;some descriptions
geometry;numeric;some descriptions
give;numeric;some descriptions
given;numeric;some descriptions
gives;numeric;some descriptions
glass;numeric;some descriptions
global;numeric;some descriptions
glucose;numeric;some descriptions
go;numeric;some descriptions
goal;numeric;some descriptions
goals;numeric;some descriptions
good;numeric;some descriptions
gradient;numeric;some descriptions
graph;numeric;some descriptions
graphical;numeric;some descriptions
graphs;numeric;some descriptions
great;numeric;some descriptions
greater;numeric;some descriptions
ground;numeric;some descriptions
group;numeric;some descriptions
groups;numeric;some descriptions
growing;numeric;some descriptions
growth;numeric;some descriptions
guide;numeric;some descriptions
h;numeric;some descriptions
had;numeric;some descriptions
half;numeric;some descriptions
hand;numeric;some descriptions
hard;numeric;some descriptions
hartree;numeric;some descriptions
has;numeric;some descriptions
have;numeric;some descriptions
having;numeric;some descriptions
he;numeric;some descriptions
health;numeric;some descriptions
help;numeric;some descriptions
hence;numeric;some descriptions
here;numeric;some descriptions
heterogeneous;numeric;some descriptions
hierarchical;numeric;some descriptions
high;numeric;some descriptions
higher;numeric;some descriptions
highly;numeric;some descriptions
his;numeric;some descriptions
historical;numeric;some descriptions
history;numeric;some descriptions
homogeneous;numeric;some descriptions
how;numeric;some descriptions
however;numeric;some descriptions
http;numeric;some descriptions
human;numeric;some descriptions
hybrid;numeric;some descriptions
hydrogen;numeric;some descriptions
hypermedia;numeric;some descriptions
hypothesis;numeric;some descriptions
i;numeric;some descriptions
idea;numeric;some descriptions
ideas;numeric;some descriptions
identical;numeric;some descriptions
identification;numeric;some descriptions
identified;numeric;some descriptions
identify;numeric;some descriptions
identifying;numeric;some descriptions
identity;numeric;some descriptions
ieee;numeric;some descriptions
if;numeric;some descriptions
ii;numeric;some descriptions
iii;numeric;some descriptions
illustrate;numeric;some descriptions
illustrated;numeric;some descriptions
im;numeric;some descriptions
image;numeric;some descriptions
images;numeric;some descriptions
imaging;numeric;some descriptions
immobilized;numeric;some descriptions
immunoassay;numeric;some descriptions
impact;numeric;some descriptions
implement;numeric;some descriptions
implementation;numeric;some descriptions
implemented;numeric;some descriptions
implications;numeric;some descriptions
importance;numeric;some descriptions
important;numeric;some descriptions
improve;numeric;some descriptions
improved;numeric;some descriptions
improvement;numeric;some descriptions
improvements;numeric;some descriptions
improving;numeric;some descriptions
in;numeric;some descriptions
include;numeric;some descriptions
included;numeric;some descriptions
includes;numeric;some descriptions
including;numeric;some descriptions
increase;numeric;some descriptions
increased;numeric;some descriptions
increases;numeric;some descriptions
increasing;numeric;some descriptions
increasingly;numeric;some descriptions
indeed;numeric;some descriptions
independent;numeric;some descriptions
index;numeric;some descriptions
indexing;numeric;some descriptions
indicate;numeric;some descriptions
indicated;numeric;some descriptions
indicates;numeric;some descriptions
indicating;numeric;some descriptions
individual;numeric;some descriptions
individuals;numeric;some descriptions
induced;numeric;some descriptions
industrial;numeric;some descriptions
industry;numeric;some descriptions
infinite;numeric;some descriptions
influence;numeric;some descriptions
information;numeric;some descriptions
infrastructure;numeric;some descriptions
initial;numeric;some descriptions
initio;numeric;some descriptions
innovation;numeric;some descriptions
input;numeric;some descriptions
insight;numeric;some descriptions
insights;numeric;some descriptions
instance;numeric;some descriptions
instead;numeric;some descriptions
institute;numeric;some descriptions
int;numeric;some descriptions
integrate;numeric;some descriptions
integrated;numeric;some descriptions
integrating;numeric;some descriptions
integration;numeric;some descriptions
intelligence;numeric;some descriptions
intelligent;numeric;some descriptions
intended;numeric;some descriptions
interact;numeric;some descriptions
interacting;numeric;some descriptions
interaction;numeric;some descriptions
interactions;numeric;some descriptions
interactive;numeric;some descriptions
interest;numeric;some descriptions
interesting;numeric;some descriptions
interface;numeric;some descriptions
interfaces;numeric;some descriptions
intermediate;numeric;some descriptions
internal;numeric;some descriptions
international;numeric;some descriptions
internet;numeric;some descriptions
interpretation;numeric;some descriptions
into;numeric;some descriptions
intrinsic;numeric;some descriptions
introduce;numeric;some descriptions
introduced;numeric;some descriptions
introduces;numeric;some descriptions
introduction;numeric;some descriptions
investigate;numeric;some descriptions
investigated;numeric;some descriptions
investigation;numeric;some descriptions
involved;numeric;some descriptions
involves;numeric;some descriptions
involving;numeric;some descriptions
ion;numeric;some descriptions
ions;numeric;some descriptions
is;numeric;some descriptions
isolated;numeric;some descriptions
issue;numeric;some descriptions
issues;numeric;some descriptions
ist;numeric;some descriptions
it;numeric;some descriptions
items;numeric;some descriptions
its;numeric;some descriptions
itself;numeric;some descriptions
iupap;numeric;some descriptions
j;numeric;some descriptions
joint;numeric;some descriptions
journal;numeric;some descriptions
just;numeric;some descriptions
k;numeric;some descriptions
key;numeric;some descriptions
kind;numeric;some descriptions
kinds;numeric;some descriptions
kinetic;numeric;some descriptions
kinetics;numeric;some descriptions
know;numeric;some descriptions
knowledge;numeric;some descriptions
known;numeric;some descriptions
l;numeric;some descriptions
la;numeric;some descriptions
labeled;numeric;some descriptions
lack;numeric;some descriptions
language;numeric;some descriptions
languages;numeric;some descriptions
large;numeric;some descriptions
largely;numeric;some descriptions
larger;numeric;some descriptions
last;numeric;some descriptions
latent;numeric;some descriptions
later;numeric;some descriptions
latter;numeric;some descriptions
lattice;numeric;some descriptions
law;numeric;some descriptions
laws;numeric;some descriptions
layer;numeric;some descriptions
ldl;numeric;some descriptions
lead;numeric;some descriptions
leading;numeric;some descriptions
leads;numeric;some descriptions
learn;numeric;some descriptions
learned;numeric;some descriptions
learning;numeric;some descriptions
least;numeric;some descriptions
led;numeric;some descriptions
left;numeric;some descriptions
length;numeric;some descriptions
less;numeric;some descriptions
lett;numeric;some descriptions
letters;numeric;some descriptions
level;numeric;some descriptions
levels;numeric;some descriptions
libraries;numeric;some descriptions
library;numeric;some descriptions
life;numeric;some descriptions
light;numeric;some descriptions
like;numeric;some descriptions
likely;numeric;some descriptions
limit;numeric;some descriptions
limitations;numeric;some descriptions
limited;numeric;some descriptions
limits;numeric;some descriptions
line;numeric;some descriptions
linear;numeric;some descriptions
link;numeric;some descriptions
linked;numeric;some descriptions
links;numeric;some descriptions
lipid;numeric;some descriptions
lipoprotein;numeric;some descriptions
lipoproteins;numeric;some descriptions
liquid;numeric;some descriptions
list;numeric;some descriptions
literature;numeric;some descriptions
little;numeric;some descriptions
local;numeric;some descriptions
located;numeric;some descriptions
location;numeric;some descriptions
logic;numeric;some descriptions
long;numeric;some descriptions
longer;numeric;some descriptions
look;numeric;some descriptions
loss;numeric;some descriptions
low;numeric;some descriptions
lower;numeric;some descriptions
m;numeric;some descriptions
machine;numeric;some descriptions
made;numeric;some descriptions
magnetic;numeric;some descriptions
magnitude;numeric;some descriptions
main;numeric;some descriptions
mainly;numeric;some descriptions
maintaining;numeric;some descriptions
maintenance;numeric;some descriptions
major;numeric;some descriptions
make;numeric;some descriptions
makes;numeric;some descriptions
making;numeric;some descriptions
male;numeric;some descriptions
management;numeric;some descriptions
managing;numeric;some descriptions
manner;numeric;some descriptions
many;numeric;some descriptions
map;numeric;some descriptions
mapping;numeric;some descriptions
maps;numeric;some descriptions
market;numeric;some descriptions
markets;numeric;some descriptions
mass;numeric;some descriptions
matching;numeric;some descriptions
material;numeric;some descriptions
materials;numeric;some descriptions
mathematical;numeric;some descriptions
mathematics;numeric;some descriptions
matrix;numeric;some descriptions
matter;numeric;some descriptions
maximum;numeric;some descriptions
may;numeric;some descriptions
mean;numeric;some descriptions
meaning;numeric;some descriptions
meaningful;numeric;some descriptions
means;numeric;some descriptions
measure;numeric;some descriptions
measured;numeric;some descriptions
measurement;numeric;some descriptions
measurements;numeric;some descriptions
measures;numeric;some descriptions
measuring;numeric;some descriptions
mechanical;numeric;some descriptions
mechanics;numeric;some descriptions
mechanism;numeric;some descriptions
mechanisms;numeric;some descriptions
media;numeric;some descriptions
mediated;numeric;some descriptions
medical;numeric;some descriptions
medium;numeric;some descriptions
members;numeric;some descriptions
membrane;numeric;some descriptions
memory;numeric;some descriptions
metadata;numeric;some descriptions
method;numeric;some descriptions
methodology;numeric;some descriptions
methods;numeric;some descriptions
metrics;numeric;some descriptions
might;numeric;some descriptions
min;numeric;some descriptions
minimal;numeric;some descriptions
minimum;numeric;some descriptions
mining;numeric;some descriptions
mit;numeric;some descriptions
mixed;numeric;some descriptions
mixture;numeric;some descriptions
ml;numeric;some descriptions
mm;numeric;some descriptions
mobile;numeric;some descriptions
mobility;numeric;some descriptions
mode;numeric;some descriptions
model;numeric;some descriptions
modeled;numeric;some descriptions
modeling;numeric;some descriptions
modelling;numeric;some descriptions
models;numeric;some descriptions
modern;numeric;some descriptions
modes;numeric;some descriptions
modification;numeric;some descriptions
modified;numeric;some descriptions
mol;numeric;some descriptions
molecular;numeric;some descriptions
molecule;numeric;some descriptions
molecules;numeric;some descriptions
monitoring;numeric;some descriptions
monoclonal;numeric;some descriptions
monte;numeric;some descriptions
more;numeric;some descriptions
moreover;numeric;some descriptions
most;numeric;some descriptions
motion;numeric;some descriptions
motivation;numeric;some descriptions
movement;numeric;some descriptions
much;numeric;some descriptions
multi;numeric;some descriptions
multimedia;numeric;some descriptions
multiple;numeric;some descriptions
must;numeric;some descriptions
n;numeric;some descriptions
namely;numeric;some descriptions
national;numeric;some descriptions
natural;numeric;some descriptions
nature;numeric;some descriptions
navigation;numeric;some descriptions
near;numeric;some descriptions
necessary;numeric;some descriptions
need;numeric;some descriptions
needed;numeric;some descriptions
needs;numeric;some descriptions
negative;numeric;some descriptions
network;numeric;some descriptions
networks;numeric;some descriptions
neural;numeric;some descriptions
new;numeric;some descriptions
next;numeric;some descriptions
nicht;numeric;some descriptions
no;numeric;some descriptions
nodes;numeric;some descriptions
noise;numeric;some descriptions
non;numeric;some descriptions
nonlinear;numeric;some descriptions
normal;numeric;some descriptions
not;numeric;some descriptions
notes;numeric;some descriptions
notion;numeric;some descriptions
novel;numeric;some descriptions
now;numeric;some descriptions
number;numeric;some descriptions
numbers;numeric;some descriptions
numerical;numeric;some descriptions
numerically;numeric;some descriptions
numerous;numeric;some descriptions
o;numeric;some descriptions
object;numeric;some descriptions
objective;numeric;some descriptions
objects;numeric;some descriptions
observation;numeric;some descriptions
observations;numeric;some descriptions
observe;numeric;some descriptions
observed;numeric;some descriptions
obtain;numeric;some descriptions
obtained;numeric;some descriptions
occur;numeric;some descriptions
occurs;numeric;some descriptions
of;numeric;some descriptions
off;numeric;some descriptions
offer;numeric;some descriptions
offers;numeric;some descriptions
often;numeric;some descriptions
old;numeric;some descriptions
on;numeric;some descriptions
once;numeric;some descriptions
one;numeric;some descriptions
ones;numeric;some descriptions
online;numeric;some descriptions
only;numeric;some descriptions
onto;numeric;some descriptions
ontologies;numeric;some descriptions
ontology;numeric;some descriptions
open;numeric;some descriptions
operations;numeric;some descriptions
opportunities;numeric;some descriptions
optimal;numeric;some descriptions
optimization;numeric;some descriptions
optimized;numeric;some descriptions
or;numeric;some descriptions
order;numeric;some descriptions
organization;numeric;some descriptions
organizational;numeric;some descriptions
organizations;numeric;some descriptions
organized;numeric;some descriptions
orientation;numeric;some descriptions
oriented;numeric;some descriptions
origin;numeric;some descriptions
original;numeric;some descriptions
other;numeric;some descriptions
others;numeric;some descriptions
our;numeric;some descriptions
out;numeric;some descriptions
outcomes;numeric;some descriptions
output;numeric;some descriptions
outside;numeric;some descriptions
over;numeric;some descriptions
overall;numeric;some descriptions
overview;numeric;some descriptions
own;numeric;some descriptions
oxidation;numeric;some descriptions
p;numeric;some descriptions
pages;numeric;some descriptions
pair;numeric;some descriptions
pairs;numeric;some descriptions
paper;numeric;some descriptions
papers;numeric;some descriptions
paradigm;numeric;some descriptions
parallel;numeric;some descriptions
parameter;numeric;some descriptions
parameters;numeric;some descriptions
part;numeric;some descriptions
partial;numeric;some descriptions
participants;numeric;some descriptions
particle;numeric;some descriptions
particles;numeric;some descriptions
particular;numeric;some descriptions
particularly;numeric;some descriptions
parts;numeric;some descriptions
past;numeric;some descriptions
path;numeric;some descriptions
pathway;numeric;some descriptions
patients;numeric;some descriptions
pattern;numeric;some descriptions
patterns;numeric;some descriptions
people;numeric;some descriptions
peptide;numeric;some descriptions
per;numeric;some descriptions
perform;numeric;some descriptions
performance;numeric;some descriptions
performed;numeric;some descriptions
period;numeric;some descriptions
periodic;numeric;some descriptions
personal;numeric;some descriptions
perspective;numeric;some descriptions
perspectives;numeric;some descriptions
perturbation;numeric;some descriptions
ph;numeric;some descriptions
phase;numeric;some descriptions
phases;numeric;some descriptions
phenomena;numeric;some descriptions
phenomenon;numeric;some descriptions
phys;numeric;some descriptions
physical;numeric;some descriptions
physics;numeric;some descriptions
place;numeric;some descriptions
planning;numeric;some descriptions
plasma;numeric;some descriptions
platform;numeric;some descriptions
play;numeric;some descriptions
point;numeric;some descriptions
points;numeric;some descriptions
policy;numeric;some descriptions
political;numeric;some descriptions
polymer;numeric;some descriptions
poor;numeric;some descriptions
popular;numeric;some descriptions
population;numeric;some descriptions
position;numeric;some descriptions
positive;numeric;some descriptions
possibility;numeric;some descriptions
possible;numeric;some descriptions
post;numeric;some descriptions
potential;numeric;some descriptions
potentials;numeric;some descriptions
power;numeric;some descriptions
powerful;numeric;some descriptions
practical;numeric;some descriptions
practice;numeric;some descriptions
practices;numeric;some descriptions
pre;numeric;some descriptions
precise;numeric;some descriptions
precision;numeric;some descriptions
predict;numeric;some descriptions
predicted;numeric;some descriptions
prediction;numeric;some descriptions
predictions;numeric;some descriptions
preliminary;numeric;some descriptions
presence;numeric;some descriptions
present;numeric;some descriptions
presentation;numeric;some descriptions
presented;numeric;some descriptions
presents;numeric;some descriptions
pressure;numeric;some descriptions
previous;numeric;some descriptions
previously;numeric;some descriptions
primarily;numeric;some descriptions
primary;numeric;some descriptions
principle;numeric;some descriptions
principles;numeric;some descriptions
prior;numeric;some descriptions
probabilistic;numeric;some descriptions
probability;numeric;some descriptions
problem;numeric;some descriptions
problems;numeric;some descriptions
proc;numeric;some descriptions
procedure;numeric;some descriptions
procedures;numeric;some descriptions
proceedings;numeric;some descriptions
process;numeric;some descriptions
processes;numeric;some descriptions
processing;numeric;some descriptions
produce;numeric;some descriptions
produced;numeric;some descriptions
produces;numeric;some descriptions
product;numeric;some descriptions
production;numeric;some descriptions
products;numeric;some descriptions
profile;numeric;some descriptions
profiles;numeric;some descriptions
program;numeric;some descriptions
programming;numeric;some descriptions
programs;numeric;some descriptions
progress;numeric;some descriptions
project;numeric;some descriptions
projects;numeric;some descriptions
promising;numeric;some descriptions
properties;numeric;some descriptions
property;numeric;some descriptions
propose;numeric;some descriptions
proposed;numeric;some descriptions
proposes;numeric;some descriptions
protein;numeric;some descriptions
proteins;numeric;some descriptions
protocol;numeric;some descriptions
prototype;numeric;some descriptions
prove;numeric;some descriptions
provide;numeric;some descriptions
provided;numeric;some descriptions
provides;numeric;some descriptions
providing;numeric;some descriptions
psychology;numeric;some descriptions
public;numeric;some descriptions
published;numeric;some descriptions
purpose;numeric;some descriptions
q;numeric;some descriptions
qm;numeric;some descriptions
qualitative;numeric;some descriptions
quality;numeric;some descriptions
quantitative;numeric;some descriptions
quantities;numeric;some descriptions
quantum;numeric;some descriptions
queries;numeric;some descriptions
query;numeric;some descriptions
question;numeric;some descriptions
questions;numeric;some descriptions
quite;numeric;some descriptions
r;numeric;some descriptions
random;numeric;some descriptions
range;numeric;some descriptions
ranging;numeric;some descriptions
rapid;numeric;some descriptions
rapidly;numeric;some descriptions
rate;numeric;some descriptions
rates;numeric;some descriptions
rather;numeric;some descriptions
ratio;numeric;some descriptions
rdf;numeric;some descriptions
re;numeric;some descriptions
reaction;numeric;some descriptions
reactions;numeric;some descriptions
reading;numeric;some descriptions
real;numeric;some descriptions
realistic;numeric;some descriptions
reason;numeric;some descriptions
reasoning;numeric;some descriptions
recent;numeric;some descriptions
recently;numeric;some descriptions
receptor;numeric;some descriptions
recognition;numeric;some descriptions
recognized;numeric;some descriptions
record;numeric;some descriptions
reduce;numeric;some descriptions
reduced;numeric;some descriptions
reducing;numeric;some descriptions
reduction;numeric;some descriptions
reference;numeric;some descriptions
references;numeric;some descriptions
regarding;numeric;some descriptions
regime;numeric;some descriptions
region;numeric;some descriptions
regions;numeric;some descriptions
related;numeric;some descriptions
relation;numeric;some descriptions
relations;numeric;some descriptions
relationship;numeric;some descriptions
relationships;numeric;some descriptions
relative;numeric;some descriptions
relatively;numeric;some descriptions
relaxation;numeric;some descriptions
relevance;numeric;some descriptions
relevant;numeric;some descriptions
reliability;numeric;some descriptions
reliable;numeric;some descriptions
remains;numeric;some descriptions
report;numeric;some descriptions
reported;numeric;some descriptions
reports;numeric;some descriptions
represent;numeric;some descriptions
representation;numeric;some descriptions
representations;numeric;some descriptions
represented;numeric;some descriptions
representing;numeric;some descriptions
represents;numeric;some descriptions
require;numeric;some descriptions
required;numeric;some descriptions
requirements;numeric;some descriptions
requires;numeric;some descriptions
res;numeric;some descriptions
research;numeric;some descriptions
researchers;numeric;some descriptions
reserved;numeric;some descriptions
residues;numeric;some descriptions
resolution;numeric;some descriptions
resonance;numeric;some descriptions
resource;numeric;some descriptions
resources;numeric;some descriptions
respect;numeric;some descriptions
respectively;numeric;some descriptions
response;numeric;some descriptions
responses;numeric;some descriptions
restricted;numeric;some descriptions
result;numeric;some descriptions
resulted;numeric;some descriptions
resulting;numeric;some descriptions
results;numeric;some descriptions
retrieval;numeric;some descriptions
reuse;numeric;some descriptions
rev;numeric;some descriptions
reveal;numeric;some descriptions
revealed;numeric;some descriptions
reveals;numeric;some descriptions
reverse;numeric;some descriptions
review;numeric;some descriptions
reviewed;numeric;some descriptions
reviews;numeric;some descriptions
rich;numeric;some descriptions
right;numeric;some descriptions
rights;numeric;some descriptions
rise;numeric;some descriptions
risk;numeric;some descriptions
robust;numeric;some descriptions
role;numeric;some descriptions
roles;numeric;some descriptions
rule;numeric;some descriptions
rules;numeric;some descriptions
run;numeric;some descriptions
s;numeric;some descriptions
same;numeric;some descriptions
sample;numeric;some descriptions
samples;numeric;some descriptions
scale;numeric;some descriptions
scales;numeric;some descriptions
scaling;numeric;some descriptions
scenario;numeric;some descriptions
scheme;numeric;some descriptions
school;numeric;some descriptions
sci;numeric;some descriptions
science;numeric;some descriptions
sciences;numeric;some descriptions
scientific;numeric;some descriptions
search;numeric;some descriptions
second;numeric;some descriptions
secondary;numeric;some descriptions
section;numeric;some descriptions
see;numeric;some descriptions
seem;numeric;some descriptions
seems;numeric;some descriptions
seen;numeric;some descriptions
selected;numeric;some descriptions
selection;numeric;some descriptions
self;numeric;some descriptions
semantic;numeric;some descriptions
semantics;numeric;some descriptions
semi;numeric;some descriptions
sense;numeric;some descriptions
sensitive;numeric;some descriptions
sensitivity;numeric;some descriptions
sensor;numeric;some descriptions
separate;numeric;some descriptions
separation;numeric;some descriptions
sequence;numeric;some descriptions
sequences;numeric;some descriptions
series;numeric;some descriptions
serum;numeric;some descriptions
serve;numeric;some descriptions
service;numeric;some descriptions
services;numeric;some descriptions
set;numeric;some descriptions
sets;numeric;some descriptions
setting;numeric;some descriptions
settings;numeric;some descriptions
seven;numeric;some descriptions
several;numeric;some descriptions
shape;numeric;some descriptions
share;numeric;some descriptions
shared;numeric;some descriptions
sharing;numeric;some descriptions
shift;numeric;some descriptions
short;numeric;some descriptions
should;numeric;some descriptions
show;numeric;some descriptions
showed;numeric;some descriptions
showing;numeric;some descriptions
shown;numeric;some descriptions
shows;numeric;some descriptions
siamese;numeric;some descriptions
sich;numeric;some descriptions
side;numeric;some descriptions
signal;numeric;some descriptions
significant;numeric;some descriptions
significantly;numeric;some descriptions
similar;numeric;some descriptions
similarity;numeric;some descriptions
simple;numeric;some descriptions
simulated;numeric;some descriptions
simulation;numeric;some descriptions
simulations;numeric;some descriptions
simultaneously;numeric;some descriptions
since;numeric;some descriptions
sind;numeric;some descriptions
single;numeric;some descriptions
site;numeric;some descriptions
sites;numeric;some descriptions
situation;numeric;some descriptions
situations;numeric;some descriptions
six;numeric;some descriptions
size;numeric;some descriptions
sizes;numeric;some descriptions
skills;numeric;some descriptions
slow;numeric;some descriptions
small;numeric;some descriptions
smaller;numeric;some descriptions
so;numeric;some descriptions
social;numeric;some descriptions
society;numeric;some descriptions
software;numeric;some descriptions
solid;numeric;some descriptions
solution;numeric;some descriptions
solutions;numeric;some descriptions
solve;numeric;some descriptions
solved;numeric;some descriptions
solvent;numeric;some descriptions
solving;numeric;some descriptions
some;numeric;some descriptions
source;numeric;some descriptions
sources;numeric;some descriptions
space;numeric;some descriptions
spatial;numeric;some descriptions
special;numeric;some descriptions
species;numeric;some descriptions
specific;numeric;some descriptions
specifically;numeric;some descriptions
specification;numeric;some descriptions
specificity;numeric;some descriptions
spectrum;numeric;some descriptions
speed;numeric;some descriptions
spin;numeric;some descriptions
splendens;numeric;some descriptions
square;numeric;some descriptions
ss;numeric;some descriptions
stability;numeric;some descriptions
stable;numeric;some descriptions
stages;numeric;some descriptions
standard;numeric;some descriptions
standards;numeric;some descriptions
starting;numeric;some descriptions
state;numeric;some descriptions
states;numeric;some descriptions
static;numeric;some descriptions
stationary;numeric;some descriptions
statistical;numeric;some descriptions
statistics;numeric;some descriptions
status;numeric;some descriptions
step;numeric;some descriptions
steps;numeric;some descriptions
still;numeric;some descriptions
stochastic;numeric;some descriptions
storage;numeric;some descriptions
strategies;numeric;some descriptions
strategy;numeric;some descriptions
strength;numeric;some descriptions
strong;numeric;some descriptions
strongly;numeric;some descriptions
structural;numeric;some descriptions
structure;numeric;some descriptions
structured;numeric;some descriptions
structures;numeric;some descriptions
students;numeric;some descriptions
studied;numeric;some descriptions
studies;numeric;some descriptions
study;numeric;some descriptions
studying;numeric;some descriptions
subject;numeric;some descriptions
subjects;numeric;some descriptions
subsequent;numeric;some descriptions
substrate;numeric;some descriptions
success;numeric;some descriptions
successful;numeric;some descriptions
successfully;numeric;some descriptions
such;numeric;some descriptions
sufficient;numeric;some descriptions
sufficiently;numeric;some descriptions
suggest;numeric;some descriptions
suggested;numeric;some descriptions
suggesting;numeric;some descriptions
suggests;numeric;some descriptions
suitable;numeric;some descriptions
support;numeric;some descriptions
supported;numeric;some descriptions
supporting;numeric;some descriptions
supports;numeric;some descriptions
surface;numeric;some descriptions
surfaces;numeric;some descriptions
survey;numeric;some descriptions
symmetry;numeric;some descriptions
symposium;numeric;some descriptions
synthesis;numeric;some descriptions
system;numeric;some descriptions
systematic;numeric;some descriptions
systems;numeric;some descriptions
t;numeric;some descriptions
tagging;numeric;some descriptions
take;numeric;some descriptions
taken;numeric;some descriptions
takes;numeric;some descriptions
taking;numeric;some descriptions
target;numeric;some descriptions
task;numeric;some descriptions
tasks;numeric;some descriptions
teachers;numeric;some descriptions
teaching;numeric;some descriptions
technical;numeric;some descriptions
technique;numeric;some descriptions
techniques;numeric;some descriptions
technological;numeric;some descriptions
technologies;numeric;some descriptions
technology;numeric;some descriptions
temperature;numeric;some descriptions
temperatures;numeric;some descriptions
temporal;numeric;some descriptions
term;numeric;some descriptions
terms;numeric;some descriptions
test;numeric;some descriptions
tested;numeric;some descriptions
testing;numeric;some descriptions
tests;numeric;some descriptions
text;numeric;some descriptions
than;numeric;some descriptions
that;numeric;some descriptions
the;numeric;some descriptions
their;numeric;some descriptions
them;numeric;some descriptions
themselves;numeric;some descriptions
then;numeric;some descriptions
theoretical;numeric;some descriptions
theoretically;numeric;some descriptions
theories;numeric;some descriptions
theory;numeric;some descriptions
there;numeric;some descriptions
therefore;numeric;some descriptions
thermal;numeric;some descriptions
thermodynamic;numeric;some descriptions
these;numeric;some descriptions
they;numeric;some descriptions
third;numeric;some descriptions
this;numeric;some descriptions
those;numeric;some descriptions
though;numeric;some descriptions
thought;numeric;some descriptions
three;numeric;some descriptions
through;numeric;some descriptions
throughout;numeric;some descriptions
thus;numeric;some descriptions
time;numeric;some descriptions
times;numeric;some descriptions
to;numeric;some descriptions
today;numeric;some descriptions
together;numeric;some descriptions
too;numeric;some descriptions
tool;numeric;some descriptions
tools;numeric;some descriptions
top;numeric;some descriptions
topic;numeric;some descriptions
topics;numeric;some descriptions
topology;numeric;some descriptions
total;numeric;some descriptions
toward;numeric;some descriptions
towards;numeric;some descriptions
traditional;numeric;some descriptions
training;numeric;some descriptions
trans;numeric;some descriptions
transactions;numeric;some descriptions
transfer;numeric;some descriptions
transformation;numeric;some descriptions
transition;numeric;some descriptions
transitions;numeric;some descriptions
transport;numeric;some descriptions
treated;numeric;some descriptions
treatment;numeric;some descriptions
trends;numeric;some descriptions
true;numeric;some descriptions
turn;numeric;some descriptions
two;numeric;some descriptions
type;numeric;some descriptions
types;numeric;some descriptions
typical;numeric;some descriptions
typically;numeric;some descriptions
u;numeric;some descriptions
und;numeric;some descriptions
under;numeric;some descriptions
underlying;numeric;some descriptions
understand;numeric;some descriptions
understanding;numeric;some descriptions
understood;numeric;some descriptions
unified;numeric;some descriptions
uniform;numeric;some descriptions
unique;numeric;some descriptions
unit;numeric;some descriptions
united;numeric;some descriptions
universal;numeric;some descriptions
university;numeric;some descriptions
up;numeric;some descriptions
upon;numeric;some descriptions
us;numeric;some descriptions
usage;numeric;some descriptions
use;numeric;some descriptions
used;numeric;some descriptions
useful;numeric;some descriptions
user;numeric;some descriptions
users;numeric;some descriptions
uses;numeric;some descriptions
using;numeric;some descriptions
usually;numeric;some descriptions
utility;numeric;some descriptions
v;numeric;some descriptions
validity;numeric;some descriptions
value;numeric;some descriptions
values;numeric;some descriptions
variable;numeric;some descriptions
variables;numeric;some descriptions
variation;numeric;some descriptions
variations;numeric;some descriptions
variety;numeric;some descriptions
various;numeric;some descriptions
varying;numeric;some descriptions
vector;numeric;some descriptions
velocity;numeric;some descriptions
version;numeric;some descriptions
versus;numeric;some descriptions
very;numeric;some descriptions
via;numeric;some descriptions
video;numeric;some descriptions
view;numeric;some descriptions
views;numeric;some descriptions
virtual;numeric;some descriptions
vision;numeric;some descriptions
visual;numeric;some descriptions
visualization;numeric;some descriptions
volume;numeric;some descriptions
von;numeric;some descriptions
vs;numeric;some descriptions
w;numeric;some descriptions
was;numeric;some descriptions
water;numeric;some descriptions
wave;numeric;some descriptions
way;numeric;some descriptions
ways;numeric;some descriptions
we;numeric;some descriptions
weak;numeric;some descriptions
web;numeric;some descriptions
weight;numeric;some descriptions
well;numeric;some descriptions
werden;numeric;some descriptions
were;numeric;some descriptions
what;numeric;some descriptions
when;numeric;some descriptions
where;numeric;some descriptions
whereas;numeric;some descriptions
whether;numeric;some descriptions
which;numeric;some descriptions
while;numeric;some descriptions
who;numeric;some descriptions
whole;numeric;some descriptions
whose;numeric;some descriptions
why;numeric;some descriptions
wide;numeric;some descriptions
widely;numeric;some descriptions
wie;numeric;some descriptions
will;numeric;some descriptions
wird;numeric;some descriptions
with;numeric;some descriptions
within;numeric;some descriptions
without;numeric;some descriptions
word;numeric;some descriptions
words;numeric;some descriptions
work;numeric;some descriptions
working;numeric;some descriptions
works;numeric;some descriptions
workshop;numeric;some descriptions
world;numeric;some descriptions
would;numeric;some descriptions
written;numeric;some descriptions
www;numeric;some descriptions
x;numeric;some descriptions
xml;numeric;some descriptions
xxiii;numeric;some descriptions
y;numeric;some descriptions
year;numeric;some descriptions
years;numeric;some descriptions
yet;numeric;some descriptions
yield;numeric;some descriptions
yields;numeric;some descriptions
you;numeric;some descriptions
young;numeric;some descriptions
z;numeric;some descriptions
zero;numeric;some descriptions
zu;numeric;some descriptions
zur;numeric;some descriptions
